README.md, before:

# Core Flight System : Framework : App : Command Ingest Lab

This repository contains NASA's Command Ingest Lab (ci_lab), which is a framework component of the Core Flight System.

This lab application is a non-flight utility to send commands to the cFS Bundle. It is intended to be located in the `apps/ci_lab` subdirectory of a cFS Mission Tree. The Core Flight System is bundled at <https://github.com/nasa/cFS> (which includes ci_lab as a submodule), which includes build and execution instructions.

ci_lab is a simple command uplink application that accepts CCSDS telecommand packets over a UDP/IP port. It does not provide a full CCSDS Telecommand stack implementation.

## Version History

### Development Build: 2.3.0+dev36

- Add build name and build number to version reporting
- See <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/53>

### Development Build: 2.3.5

- Replace references to `ccsds.h` types with the `cfe_sb.h`-provided type.
- See <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/50>

### Development Build: 2.3.4

- Apply the CFE_SB_MsgIdToValue() and CFE_SB_ValueToMsgId() routines where compatibility with an integer MsgId is necessary - syslog prints, events, compile-time MID #define values.
- Minor changes, see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/47>

### Development Build: 2.3.3

- Offset UDP base port in multi-cpu configurations
- Minor changes, see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/44>

### Development Build: 2.3.2

- Use OSAL socket API instead of BSD sockets
- Remove PDU introspection code
- Update command and telemetry logic
- Collect globals as a single top-level global structure
- Minor changes, see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/38>

### Development Build: 2.3.1

- Code style and enforcement (see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/31>)

### _**OFFICIAL RELEASE: 2.3.0 - Aquila**_

- Minor updates (see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/12>)
- Not backwards compatible with OSAL 4.2.1
- Released as part of cFE 6.7.0, Apache 2.0

### _**OFFICIAL RELEASE: 2.2.0a**_

- Released as part of cFE 6.6.0a, Apache 2.0

## Known issues

Dependence on cfe platform config header is undesirable, and the check is not endian safe. As a lab application, extensive testing is not performed prior to release and only minimal functionality is included.

## Getting Help

For best results, submit issues:questions or issues:help wanted requests at <https://github.com/nasa/cFS>.

Official cFS page: <http://cfs.gsfc.nasa.gov>

Commit message:

Bump to v2.4.0-rc1+dev2 and update ReadMe
Set revision to 99 to indicate development version in telemetry.

README.md, after:

# Core Flight System : Framework : App : Command Ingest Lab

This repository contains NASA's Command Ingest Lab (ci_lab), which is a framework component of the Core Flight System.

This lab application is a non-flight utility to send commands to the cFS Bundle. It is intended to be located in the `apps/ci_lab` subdirectory of a cFS Mission Tree. The Core Flight System is bundled at <https://github.com/nasa/cFS> (which includes ci_lab as a submodule), which includes build and execution instructions.

ci_lab is a simple command uplink application that accepts CCSDS telecommand packets over a UDP/IP port. It does not provide a full CCSDS Telecommand stack implementation.

## Version History


### Development Build: 2.4.0-rc1+dev2

- Update the SocketID field to be `osal_id_t` instead of uint32
- Set Revision number to 99 for development version identifier in telemetry
- See <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/56>


### Development Build: 2.3.0+dev36

- Add build name and build number to version reporting
- See <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/53>

### Development Build: 2.3.5

- Replace references to `ccsds.h` types with the `cfe_sb.h`-provided type.
- See <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/50>

### Development Build: 2.3.4

- Apply the CFE_SB_MsgIdToValue() and CFE_SB_ValueToMsgId() routines where compatibility with an integer MsgId is necessary - syslog prints, events, compile-time MID #define values.
- Minor changes, see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/47>

### Development Build: 2.3.3

- Offset UDP base port in multi-cpu configurations
- Minor changes, see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/44>

### Development Build: 2.3.2

- Use OSAL socket API instead of BSD sockets
- Remove PDU introspection code
- Update command and telemetry logic
- Collect globals as a single top-level global structure
- Minor changes, see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/38>

### Development Build: 2.3.1

- Code style and enforcement (see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/31>)

### _**OFFICIAL RELEASE: 2.3.0 - Aquila**_

- Minor updates (see <https://github.com/nasa/ci_lab/pull/12>)
- Not backwards compatible with OSAL 4.2.1
- Released as part of cFE 6.7.0, Apache 2.0

### _**OFFICIAL RELEASE: 2.2.0a**_

- Released as part of cFE 6.6.0a, Apache 2.0

## Known issues

Dependence on cfe platform config header is undesirable, and the check is not endian safe. As a lab application, extensive testing is not performed prior to release and only minimal functionality is included.

## Getting Help

For best results, submit issues:questions or issues:help wanted requests at <https://github.com/nasa/cFS>.

Official cFS page: <http://cfs.gsfc.nasa.gov>
